create table content
(name varchar2(70),
city varchar2(150),
content varchar2(4000));

insert into content values('Maison Bistro Hotel', '부다페스트',
'The story of Maison is a richly historical one, dating back to 1464, when turner manufacture was in operation. Following the 1686 siege of the Castle, Bernát Spiegel purchased the building in ruins in 1701 and built a one-story, Baroque style house on top. From this point on, it was known as the “Spiegel House”, a famous bakery. The arched front gate is adorned with the bakery’s insignia to this day, mirroring its original form. Underneath the building is a two-story cellar, which remains the largest contiguous cellar in the Castle.
In 1964, the building was turned into a restaurant and bar named Régi Országház Étterem, becoming Budapest’s most popular nightclub, still preserving the Baroque frontage. The differing styles of the rooms, graceful furniture, tilled stoves, the traditional Hungarian food, and the wine offering in the cellar along with the famous lard and onion breads ensured the lively ambiance of the Castle district up until the early 90s.
After 20 years, the big, green gate of the former Spiegel House opens to the public again as the Castan Gastronomic Group’s Maison bistro hotel. The individual design pays homage to the rich historical and gastronomical past of the building. Our charming Bistro, enchanting wine cellar, pleasant street terrace, 17 individually designed room and internal garden courtyard awaits our guests.
Petite Maison is an extension of our existing boutique hotel, located in the same street, only 50 meters from our main building and reception. Petite Maison has a cafe on the ground level and eight spacious, modern rooms on two floors overlooking a garden courtyard. The rich continental breakfast, served in Café Maison, is complimentary for our guests staying in our Petite Maison rooms.
Petit Maison has 8 uniquely designed rooms, which includes the following services: continental breakfast, all non-alcoholic items in the minibar, our complementary wifi access, welcome drink, L’Occitane bathroom accessories, a hairdryer, down and/or hypoallergenic duvet (upon request), simple and/or double duvet (upon request), air conditioning, complementary phone usage within Budapest, an LCD IP TV, and a safe.'
);

insert into content values('Sofitel Philippine Plaza Manila', '마닐라',
'Make your grand arrival at an inspired 5-star luxury resort hotel in Manila, a cultural oasis by the sparkling bay. Designed by National Artists Leandro Locsin and Ildefonso P. Santos, the structural masterpiece welcomes you with its geometric chic style. Please join us for a Magnifique voyage to the tropical splendour of Manila. We look forward to welcoming you with our refined French art de recevoir blended with the gracious and heartfelt warmth of the Filipino spirit. Life is Magnifique in Manila.
„ Puneet Dhawan
The General Manager'
);

insert into content values('Radisson Blu Plaza Hotel Helsinki', '헬싱키',
'The Radisson Blu Plaza Hotel, Helsinki, has always been one of the city’s most vibrant places—an iconic destination for jet setters, culture seekers and business leaders alike. The historic building dates to 1917, when Finland gained its independence. Whether you’re here for business or leisure, the hotel’s close proximity to a number of local attractions puts the city within easy reach. Take a pleasant walk to the Esplanade park, or try your luck at the Grand Casino Helsinki. The Rautatientori Railway Square, right next to the central station, is only 2 minutes from the hotel.
Savor the modern, creative twists on Nordic cuisine in a sleek, sophisticated space at the on-site Plaza Restaurant, or throw an unforgettable cocktail party in the luxurious and decorative Bar. And no matter the time of the day, refreshing drinks and light snacks are available 24h in the Lobby Bar. Keep up your fitness routine with the cardio and weight-training equipment at Plaza Sports. And when in Finland do as the Finns do – free access to our sauna is included in all of our rooms.
Being the center of business life, our hotel is a first-rate setting for successful meetings and events. Our diverse facilities can be modified according to your wishes and offer a unique environment for business and leisure events up to 800 persons. Welcome to the remarkable Radisson Blu Plaza Hotel, in Helsinki!'
);

insert into content values('Radisson Blu Resort Fiji', '피지',
'Fiji is a Melanesian archipelago in the South Pacific Ocean. It is made up of about 300 islands of which 100 are occupied. White sandy beaches, clear blue sky, warm aqua seas and abundant palm trees create the enticing scene that is Fiji.
Most of Fiji’s islands are either volcanic or coral islands. Volcanic islands are distinguished by rocky mountainous terrain with a largely uninhabitable interior. Viti Levu, Fiji’s biggest and most populous island – accommodating about 70 per cent of the population and the country’s two cities, including the capital, Suva – is an example.
Coral islands are distinguished by white sand beaches, lush green cover over a flat interior and a plentiful supply of coconut trees. The popular Beachcomber Island, known as Fiji’s party capital, is a coral island.
Such is the beauty of Fiji’s islands that it is the location of many world-famous films, including Castaway and the 1980s hit The Blue Lagoon.
Fiji is known as the ‘soft coral capital of the world’. The best diving in the Pacific happens off the Fijian coast. It is also known as a surfing haven and has excellent rafting and sailing.
Fiji is a developing economy that depends largely on subsistence farming. It is, however, one of the most developed economies in the Pacific Realm. Its abundance of natural resources, sugar exports and tourism account for most of its income. It also grows coconuts and ginger.'
);

insert into content values('Le Roch Hotel Spa', '파리',
'The art of simplicity rather than ostentatious splendour is our conception of luxury. It was around this idea that Le Roch Hotel Spa, a 37 room boutique hotel with the spirit of a home, offering a sincere welcome, was conceived.
The interior design is the work of a true Parisian, Sarah Lavoine. With her aesthetic sense and superb craftsmanship she finds true expression in all aspects of creativity that interest and inspire her, whether that be colour, furniture and authentic objects, pure materials or simple lines. The hotel is various living spaces are refined, yet warm and welcoming. It is a testament to her talent.
The welcoming atmosphere is immediately noticeable when you cross the threshold, leaving behind the bustle of the city to enter a lounge that could be your own, with a fireplace, shelves full of beautiful books, and comfortable chairs that embody an invitation to relax and revivify.
Travellers passing through and Parisian insiders share more here than just a similar experience, while enjoying the care of a particularly attentive staff. For although Le Roch Hotel Spa features inspired decor and upscale amenities, it is the guests and the team who are its real wealth. And, simply, they give it life.'
);

insert into content values('InterContinental Warszawa', '바르샤바',
'For guests who stay in the capital for extended periods of time, we have prepared a unique offer: 76 luxuriously appointed extended-stay suites with a kitchenette, work and relaxation zone and access to all hotel facilities.
Guests who are members of the IHG Rewards Club or guests who make reservations directly with the hotel can take advantage of free access to the Internet. Internet access is also included in the price of all the apartments and on purchasing access to Club InterContinental. Our guests can purchase access to Club InterContinental for an additional charge of 65 EURO.
It is one of the tallest buildings in the city, has unique, modern architecture and is one of the most important landmarks in Warsaw.
The premier location of the hotel allows quick access to great tourist attractions, like Warsaw Old Town, the National Museum, the Warsaw Uprising Museum and many others.
The hotel is also in close proximity to Warszawa Centralna railway station, the Palace of Culture and Science, and Złote Tarasy shopping mall.'
);

insert into content values('Iberostar Lisboa', '리스본',
'The brand new Iberostar Lisboa is the key to unlocking all that the Portuguese capital has to offer. Bohemian Lisbon for romantic getaways, the best, most modern places to go shopping, or an ideal destination for your business trips. Find out why this well-connected 5-star hotel in the centre of Lisbon is perfect for you:
5-star rooms. You can choose between rooms with city views, doubles perfect for business trips or luxury suites in which you can relax to the max. Ah! And they all have 24-hour room service so that you’ll be left wanting for nothing.
Exquisite flavours. Local and international cuisine, buffet breakfast, à la carte restaurant, the best cocktails… The dining options at this hotel are so varied that you’ll barely have enough time to try them all!
Infinite relaxation. You have an outdoor pool with a bar on its terrace and a sun terrace to get a tan without even leaving the hotel. Sip on your favourite drink while stretching out on a sun lounger, catch some rays and take a refreshing dip whenever you like.
Spectacular spa. Mingling with the scent of the oils during a relaxing massage or enjoying a steam bath are just some of the pleasures you can experience in the wellness and spa centre of this Lisbon hotel.
Perfect events. The function rooms at this hotel will help ensure that your conference or celebration is a big success. With six rooms, terraces and every kind of space to choose from, it couldn’t be simpler to organise your event. '
);

insert into content values('Royal Park Hotel Lima', '페루',
'Royal Park Hotel 5*
5성급의 편안한 Royal Park Hotel은 San Martín Square, Huaca Pucllana, Larcomar에 인접하고 있는 북적이는 지역에 위치하고 있습니다. 18층으로 이루어진 이 호텔은 2009년에 리모델링이 되었습니다.
손님께서는 주요의 비즈니스 중심지에 리마의 장소를 즐기실 겁니다. 숙소는 리마 시내 중심에서 7 km 이내의 거리에 있습니다.
부티크, 상점, 상업 지구 호텔 근처에 있습니다.
이 호텔에는 75실의 객실이 마련되어 있습니다. 모든 객실에는 개별 냉난방 제어, TV, 개인 컴퓨터, 책상, 이중 유리 창문 시설이 갖춰져 있습니다. 이 현대적인 호텔 객실은 도시 전망을 자랑합니다. 샤워, 목욕 시트, 목욕 가운 모든 욕실에 있습니다.
아침 식사가 매일 아침 카페에서 제공됩니다. 고급 요리 레스토랑에서 국제 요리를 제공합니다.
Royal Park Hotel은 Jorge Chavez International 공항에 20 분 내의 위치하고 있습니다.
호텔은 현장 자동차 대여 서비스를 제공합니다.'
);

insert into content values('Airways Hotel Port Moresby', '파푸아뉴기니',
'The hotel is nestled in its own botanical gardens, offering world-class accommodation set in an oasis of understated luxury in one of the Pacific’s most striking and inspiring settings.
After flying in to Port Moresby’s Jacksons International Airport, there’s only one place you’ll want to land.'
);

insert into content values('Resort Yacht Y Golf Club Paraguayo', '파라과이',
'Discover how the stars feel with the best service at the Paraguayan Yacht and Golf Club Resort 
 It is in our selection for Asunción.The 5-star Yacht and Golf Club Paraguayo Resort offers luxury accommodation and 200 meters from a private beach. It also has an 18-hole golf course, a wellness spa and an outdoor pool. 
Rooms at the Paraguayo Resort are spacious and have free Wi-Fi, king-size beds and panoramic views of the landscape. The hotel suites have a luxurious dining area and a private hot tub. 
The Yacht and Golf Club Paraguayo has 6 restaurants and 3 bars, serving international and Paraguayan cuisine. A buffet breakfast is served daily with fresh fruit, pastries and rolls. 
In the complex you can practice various sports, such as kayaking and canoeing. There is also a gym and beauty center. 
The property offers car rental, free parking and an airport shuttle service for an additional fee. Silvio Pettirossi International Airport is 17.4 km away.'
);

insert into content values('Hard Rock Hotel Panama Megapolis', '파나마',
'ROCK HARD AT LATIN AMERICA’S HOTTEST HOTEL 
Live life like the VIP you are in Latin America’s hottest destination when you vacation at Hard Rock Hotel Panama Megapolis. Our awe-inspiring, 66-story tower is located right in the heart of Panama City, Panama, just 20 minutes away from Tocumen International Airport and 15 minutes from Panama Canal. We are sure to offer everything you need to enjoy yourself – dining, nightlife, and entertainment – all in one place.
We offer more than 1,400 stylish rooms and suites that feature every luxurious amenity you could ever ask for, like an ocean view balcony, our signature Sleep Like a Rock bedding, a fully stocked mini-bar, cozy bathrobes and slippers, and other personalized touches such as free playlists with check-in, customized in-room music offerings, and rock-inspired artwork.
INDULGE AT OUR STELLAR PANAMA CITY PROPERTY
Venture outside your room to experience a freshly made meal at one of our four restaurants, dive into our modern infinity pool and enjoy breathtaking views of the city and Panama Bay, relax and renew with a luxurious spa treatment at Rock Spa®, or party all night at our numerous bars and nightclubs. No matter how you choose to fill your vacation, we’ll make you feel like a rock star every day of your stay. '
);

insert into content values('Laico Tunis', '튀니지',
'LAICO Ouaga 2000, 5 stars luxury in the heart of the new administrative centre of Ouagadougou, currently managed by LAICO Hotels Resorts Management. The hotel offers 210 room, 11 luxury suites and 10 villas, as well as commercial, catering, conferences facilities
Commercial centre which has 56 stores, office facilities and a wedding venue, as well as other facilities, including a restaurant and cafe
The Libyan African Investment Company (LAICO) was established in 1990 under the provision No. 660 of the Libyan government, and was later acquired by the Libya Africa Portfolio (LAP) in 2006, with a share capital of 992,912,800 Libyan Dinars.
In accordance with its articles of association, LAICO is a holding company, acting as one of the arms of the Libyan sovereign wealth through investing Libyan funds in Africa, mainly in hospitality, hotels and real estate sectors, as well as other multipurpose sub-holding companies, with a long-term, pragmatic vision of developing and diversifying national wealth and revenue streams of the Libyan economy.'
);

insert into content values('JW Marriott Hotel', '앙카라',
'Revel in refined luxury at JW Marriott Hotel Ankara. Located in the city center of Turkey is capital city, the hotel provides unrivaled access to notable destinations, including the U.S. Embassy, the Canadian Embassy, Congresium Ankara and numerous ministry offices. We are minutes from the Roman Baths, the Ankara Citadel and the Atatürk Forest Farm Zoo. Inside the hotel, you will find spacious, impeccably designed rooms and suites featuring indulgent bedding, luxury marble bathrooms, floor-to-ceiling windows and city views. Executive rooms and suites grant access to our Lounge and its exclusive amenities. Event planners value our more than 53,000 square feet of exquisite venues and custom catering. Satisfy your palate at any one of our five restaurants, offering a variety of innovative fare. Reinvigorate your mind and body at Karma Spa Wellness Fitness, which offers a full menu of healing services, as well as a Turkish Hammam. Guests can also take advantage of our indoor and outdoor pools and modern gym'
);

insert into content values('Four Seasons Sultanahmet', '이스탄불',
'Our century-old neoclassical home is a tranquil sanctuary in the middle of Istanbul is Old City, Sultanahmet, bounded by the mystic waters of the Sea of Marmara and the Bosphorus. While just steps away from top historic attractions such as the Blue Mosque and Hagia Sophia, our 65-room Hotel offers a calming space filled with charm and elevated Four Seasons care from our more than 200-person-strong team.
It is not every day you get to stay in a century-old Turkish prison, refurbished for luxury living. Our building was designed by Mimar Kemaleddin Bey beginning in 1918 as a prime example of Turkish neoclassical architecture, with an emphasis on pointed arches, ornate tiles, dramatic domes and towers. You can still experience many of those original elements today during your stay with us.'
);

insert into content values('Radisson Blu Plaza Bangkok', '방콕',
'A few meters from the metro station and several bus stops , you will have the opportunity to discover the city and enjoy all it has to offer: culture , art, fashion , entertainment , shows and good food. A Roman Holiday , just like you dream it. Free wifi , newspapers , Mini-bar , hairdryer, safe , air conditioning, airport transfers, Rome Pass , kettle, private car service ( on demand). We are at your disposal to give you a truly memorable stay , we can arrange guided tours or offer unusual paths, Rome is a generous city , and we will make sure that will remains in your heart . We are at your disposal to give you a truly memorable stay , we can arrange guided tours or offer unusual paths, Rome is a generous city , and we will make sure that will remains in your heart . Welcome to Radisson Blu Plaza Bangkok, ideally located near subway sky train station on Sukumvit Road and also Airport Rail Link. Rising high into Bangkok skyline, the hotel’s situated within walking distance of the city’s most popular shopping centers, convention halls and famous tourist sights. Each of our 290 rooms and suites offer complimentary internet throughout the property, and skyline views of Bangkok City and Riverside. Dining experience of Attico (Italian), China Table with Twenty Seven Bites offering Local International cuisine with Brewski Rooftop Bar offering a place to relax and appreciate the views.'
);

insert into content values('L Aziz Suites', '키프로스',
'CITY PARK CRESCENT OFF LIMURU ROAD, PARKLANDS, OPP AGA KHAN HOSPITAL, 00623 NAIROBI'
);

insert into content values('Hotel Posh', '크로아티아',
'POSH is the newest high category hotel  in Split, Zenta, a place where superior luxury meets Mediterranean charm and hospitality.
With its enchanting location by the sea, in the city of rich history dating back to the era of Roman Emperors and its outstanding reputation, Hotel Posh is an excellent choice for guests who want a luxurious understated elegance and uniqueness in one.
From the moment you step into the hotel, you will find yourself in a world of sophisticated luxury and exceptional service.
The interior, signed by architectural studio "Studio Geci", is a true POSH, elegant, rich, perfectly designed, sleek and stylish. With designer furnishings and luxurious details, the interior of the hotel will delight every guest.
With the "infinity pool"  and beautiful wellness , Hotel Posh is going to satisfy the wishes of the most demanding guests, as a unique oasis of luxury.'
);

insert into content values('Courtyard By Marriott Kuwait City', '쿠웨이트',
'A modern hotel in Kuwait in a superb location, next to the Liberation Tower and Kuwait Towers, only 20 minutes drive from Kuwait International Airport and accessible to major city attractions.'
);

insert into content values('Hotel bh Usaquén', '보고타',
'The hotel is on a very good location on Usaquen near major companies, and around very popular places like restaurants and malls. The hotel per se is, like its name says, a butique, good small rooms, great showers, confy beds. Breakfast is tasty but very limited and small. Nothing fancy but good for value" Evaluado por Carlos S Tripadvisor.'
);

insert into content values('Cote d or Apartment', '코트디부아르',
'프레슬린의 코트 도르 해변에서 도보로 5분 미만의 거리에 위치한 Cote d or Apartment는 산과 정원의 전경이 구비된 취사 가능 아파트를 제공합니다. 숙소는 무료 전용 주차장을 보유하고 있습니다.
넓은 아파트는 목재 가구로 꾸며져 있으며, 투숙객은 평면 TV와 에어컨을 이용하실 수 있습니다. 모든 아파트는 산과 정원의 전경이 구비된 발코니 혹은 베란다를 보유하고 있습니다. 전용 욕실에는 샤워 시설을 비롯해 헤어드라이어와 무료 세면도구도 갖추어져 있습니다.
투숙객은 아파트의 완비된 주방에서 직접 식사를 준비하실 수 있습니다. 숙소에서 도보로 가까운 거리에 자리한 각종 레스토랑을 이용하셔도 좋습니다.
Cote d or Apartment는 일일 객실 청소 서비스 및 컨시어지 서비스를 제공합니다.
요청 시 추가 요금으로 차량을 대여할 수 있으며, 스노클링 혹은 스쿠버다이빙 같은 각종 활동을 예약하실 수 있습니다.'
);

insert into content values('Senda Monteverde Hotel', '코스타리카',
'We understand. You don’t just need any old place to stay in Monteverde.
What you’re really looking for is the best, most comfy hideaway to rest up for all the Cloud Forest activities on your wishlist.
Like ziplining through the Cloud Forest where recreational ziplining was born. Or hiking on hanging bridges to see tree-top wildlife found nowhere else in the world. Or climbing inside a majestic hollow tree that’s thousands of years old.
After all, you’ve only got a few days to spare. Every day counts.
Senda Monteverde is the luxury cloud forest hotel you’ve been searching for.
You’ll find all the best essentials you had expect from a five star mountain lodge, and enjoy easy access to every Monteverde adventure you can think of.
While the hotel is hidden and private, you are also within walking distance to Monteverde town and a private, cloud forest reserve with beautiful trails.
Wonder and wander at Senda Monteverde Hotel.'
);

insert into content values('Keekorok Lodge', '케냐',
'Located in the Masai Mara nature reserve, Keekorok Lodge offers traditional-style accommodation with a private patio. The property has an outdoor pool with a terrace and views of nature. 
The spacious rooms have a ceiling fan, mosquito net, hypoallergenic bedding and a balcony with views of the garden, the pool or the reservation. 
The Lodge houses the Hippo Bar, which serves traditional dishes and overlooks the lake, and The Elephant Deck Restaurant, where you can enjoy a typical savannah dinner. 
The property has a 24-hour reception and a children is playground. Guests can go on safaris through the Keekorok nature reserve. 
The property organizes a shuttle service to the Keekorok airfield upon request.'
);

insert into content values('Metcalfe Hotel', '오타와',
'The Metcalfe Hotel delivers a genuinely authentic and unique Ottawa hotel experience by showcasing our rich building history and connecting to the current culture, community, and people that make Ottawa a lively 21st century capital city. Over a century ago, The Metcalfe began as a social and recreational focal point in downtown Ottawa. We pay tribute to and rekindle those early days by making The Metcalfe a place where guests and the Ottawa culture come together. For those looking for a young, hip, helpful, familiar, and active environment, The Metcalfe Hotel is where you want to stay! We will deliver a uniquely authentic Ottawa hotel experience that will help our guests discover another, perhaps lesser known side of Ottawa that is hip, social, smart, exciting and cultured. The Metcalfe offers guest rooms that feature free WIFI, hardwood flooring, indulgent plush bedding and spa-inspired showers.'
);

insert into content values('Raffles Hotel Le Royal', '캄보디아',
'Raffles Hotel Le Royal
An imposing statement of Khmer, Art Deco and French Colonial style, Hotel Le Royal originally opened its grand doors in 1929. It reopened as Raffles Hotel Le Royal in 1997 after a sensitive extension and refurbishment. To protect this piece of Cambodia’s heritage, local artisans were commissioned to recreate painted ceilings, decorative beaten copper crests and outdoor sculptures.
Raffles Hotel Le Royal is built around a central private courtyard, with two swimming pools fringed by Frangipani-lined tropical gardens.
Raffles is very much part of the history of Phnom Penh. It has stood for 90 years and its walls reflect many of the times it has witnessed, yet while it honours its past, the hotel embraces the city’s dynamic future, continuing to be a focal point of the capital’s business and social scene.'
);

insert into content values('The St. Regis Doha', '카타르',
'With a prime position in the heart of Doha’s developing West Bay area, The St. Regis Doha is every bit as sumptuous as you would expect a luxury hotel in Qatar to be.
From the tuxedoed white-gloved doormen and Rolls-Royce-lined entrance to the understated rooms appointed with Arabian accents, this is one of the region’s most sought-after hotels for locals and visitors alike.
The property balances its heritage with its Middle Eastern location — dates and coffee are offered in the public areas and all in-house guests have access to the St. Regis Butler Service, a legacy of the hotel chain’s rich history, ensuring personalized service from check-in. Staff here hails from nearly 50 countries, but the vibe is uniquely Qatari.
Alongside the spacious rooms and attentive service, this West Bay hotel has become synonymous in the city for its noteworthy upscale eateries. Home to 12 restaurants, lounges and bars, The St. Regis Doha  boasts not one, but two signature Gordon Ramsay restaurants as well as the city’s only raw bar.'
);

insert into content values('Park Plaza Santiago', '산티아고',
'The Park Plaza Santiago is a boutique hotel, in classic English style, with cutting edge technology, at the service of today´s businessman. We have introduced a concept of closeness and empathy with our guests, which has become the hallmark of our hotel.
Come and enjoy your weekend and holiday eve at Park Plaza Santiago. One night accommodation.
Start with a romantic dinner for two in our Park Lane Restaurant, accomodation in the room of your choice, with special decoration, flowers, strawberries and champagne.'
);

insert into content values('Fairmont Chateau Laurier Gold Experience', '오타와',
'We are proud to introduce the newly updated Fairmont Gold, which further solidifies Fairmont Château Laurier as Ottawa’s best luxury hotel. Fairmont Gold has been completely re-imagined and renewed. We have expanded to 69 rooms and suites, all of which are newly renovated, complete with modern details. The luxurious Fairmont Gold Lounge has been updated to provide our guests with a level of service that will help you make the most of every moment, ensuring a stay that is nothing short of unforgettable. 
Your Fairmont Gold experience begins the moment you arrive at the front door. Upon your arrival, you are invited to the private Fairmont Gold reception area located on the 4th floor. Here, your individuality is valued, your room preferences are honored, and your arrangements for a quick and effortless departure are anticipated.
In the exclusive Fairmont Gold Lounge, our dedicated team extends a friendly, sincere welcome and ensures that your every need is met including arranging dinner reservations, limousines and any other special touches you require.
Start your day off perfectly with a healthy and bountiful continental breakfast, including hot items, served between 6:30 a.m. and 10:00 a.m. on weekdays and 7:00 a.m. and 11:00 a.m. on weekends and holidays. And throughout the day you can enjoy Nespresso coffee, tea, fresh fruit and a fine selection of nuts and candies, as well as an honor bar. Join us between 5:00 p.m. and 7:00 p.m. for complimentary canapés and desserts served in a tranquil atmosphere.
Whether you travel for business or leisure, Fairmont Gold offers a level of service and recognition that will help you make the most of every moment, ensuring a stay that is nothing short of unforgettable. After you immerse yourself in the Fairmont Gold experience once, you’ll never want to stay anywhere else.'
);

insert into content values('Bulgari Hotel, Beijing', '베이징',
'Bvlgari Hotels and Resorts’ Symposia Mixology Event comes to Bvlgari Hotel Beijing. José Luis León, one of the best bartenders in Mexico, and owner of the #11 ranked bar on the 50 World’s Best list, joins Dario Schiavoni, Bar Director of the Bvlgari Hotel Beijing to delight guests with six exclusive cocktails inspired by the six cities of Bvlgari Hotels Resorts collection: Beijing, Shanghai, Tokyo, Dubai, Bali and Milan. These creations will be available at Il Bar at Bvlgari Hotel Beijing through June 18.'
);

insert into content values('Taipei Marriott Hotel', '대만',
'Surrounded by body-and-soul-healing riverside sceneries, the Taipei Marriott Hotel is located amongst the prosperous city, taking you into the tranquil and magnificent urban garden. The absolutely beautiful guest rooms comfort your body and soul, while the spacious, majestic, and diversified banquet and meeting venues, along with professional service team, accompany you to write down infinite resplendence through each chapter of life. The incomparable luxurious bar embraces 270 degrees of urban Taipei scenery high up on the 20th floor, allowing one to admire the “magnificent views”. The well-developed traffic network easily connects to the threads of the world and Taiwan, as well as the high-quality mall to satisfy the dining, drinking, recreation, and all of the comprehensive needs of the soul and cultural cultivation for each and every passing guest.'
);

insert into content values('평양호텔', '평양',
'우리는 갈 수 있을까요?'
);

insert into content values('Matapang Beach', '하갓냐',
'For the rowing enthusiast and photographer alike this is a location of opportunity. On days safe for boating the local rowing teams cast off in the late afternoon and evening. Outrigger canoes, a transportation of the past, are plastered with modern local auto dealership logos, creating an odd juxtaposition. Ancient rowing chants can be heard across the flat waters of Tumon Bay as the sun dips into the cloud-lined horizon. Sunset photos on partly cloudy evenings are spectacular. An occasional rainbow stretched from cloud to ground adds emphasis to the already perfect scene. Parking is limited and amenities are few because of the relatively small size of this public park nestled between high-rise hotels on the main strip in Tumon. Amenities include BBQ pits and covered seating with a public restroom servicing this stretch of beach. A lifeguard and patrols are stationed here in a look-out tower at the center of the beach. Local water conditions are posted for visitor safety.'
);

insert into content values('Grand Hyatt Athens', '아테네',
'Located on the famous Syngrou Avenue, between the cultural center of the historic city of Athens and the cosmopolitan Athenian Riviera, Grand Hyatt Athens offers the ultimate hospitality experience in a city with a heady mix of history and edginess. Explore the vibrant city of Athens, discover the narrow streets and small buildings of Plaka, and merge into 3.000 years of Greek history while visiting the Acropolis Hill.'
);

insert into content values('Lloyd Hotel', '암스테르담',
'LLOYD is an iconic building located on the IJ river in Amsterdam. It has been transformed into a hotel, venue and restaurant that never sleeps. The 117 spacious hotel rooms are unique. Join hotel guests, the neighborhood and neighborhood lovers in LLOYD restaurant. Or settle down on our sunny terrace for your first cup of coffee or a cocktail at sunset. At LLOYD everyone is welcome.
Are you looking forward to stay? Book a comfort room and let us know that you would like to stay in the Bas Kosters room. We ask a small surcharge of € 35,- for this request and this is subject to availability.'
);

insert into content values('Smarthotel Oslo', '오슬로',
'Our new state of the art budget hotel opened in mid-summer of 2013. With its central location, Smarthotel is easily accessible from the National Theatre station; only a few minutes walk away. Within walking distance you’ll also find the Royal Palace, National Assembly, the quays of Aker Brygge, the Opera House and the Vigeland Sculpture park. Oslo’s main shopping street Karl Johans gate is just around the corner. Our low cost hotel has a large roof terrace, meeting room situated on the ground floor and our very own Smart bar where both guests and locals enjoy to hang out. Order your next stay at smarthotel.no and get a delicious Scandinavian breakfast included. Guest information: Veidekke Entreprenører are on behalf of Entra Eiendom building a new building for the University of Oslo on Tullinløkka. The demolition of the old buildings will take part in the first quarter of 2017 and the building period is estimated to be completed in august 2019. We apologize for the noise that will occure regarding this.'
);

insert into content values('Rydges Wellington', '웰링턴',
'Ideally situated, Rydges Wellington is within close distance to the Westpac Stadium, Queens Wharf, Wellington Railway Station, both the Interislander and Bluebridge Ferry terminals and Lambton Quay for shopping.
This 4-star plus hotel offers 280 accommodation rooms for business and leisure guests with the benefits of modern facilities including wireless internet throughout, iPads for guests and fantastic leisure facilities. All rooms feature flat-screen televisions, iPod docking stations, and kitchenettes.
There are 19 apartment-style suites, perfect for your long stay requirements with washer and drier facilities available.
The hotel also offers recreation facilities for families including a 17m lap pool, spa pool, and sauna as well as a kids games room over the weekends.'
);

insert into content values('그랜드 인터컨티넨탈', '서울',
'그랜드 인터컨티넨탈 서울 파르나스는 비즈니스와 문화의 중심지인 삼성동에 위치,
한국종합무역센터, 코엑스 컨벤션 센터, 한국도심공항과 근접해 있어 국제적인
비즈니스 여행객을 위한 최적의 조건을 갖추고 있습니다. 뿐만 아니라 면세점,
백화점, 카지노, 파르나스몰 등 엔터테인먼트를 원하는 고객들에게도 만족스러운
시설을 자랑합니다.
2014년 리모델링을 통해 국내 특 1급 호텔 중 최대 규모와 최신 시설을 갖춘
그랜드 볼룸을 비롯해, 최신 음향 및 조명 시설을 갖춘 15개의 연회장에서는
대규모 컨벤션, 중소 규모의 회의, 고품격 웨딩, 프라이빗한 가족모임까지
다목적 행사를 진행하시기에 부족함이 없습니다.
품위 있고 고급스러운 그랜드 인터컨티넨탈 서울 파르나스의 516개의 객실은 넓고
아늑한 공간과 편리한 서비스를 누릴 수 있으며 여유롭고 편안한 휴식을 선사합니다.
또한, 컨템포러리 프렌치 요리부터 세계적인 레스토랑 어워드를 수상한 정통 일식까지
5개의 레스토랑에서 세계의 다양한 맛을 각 분야별 수석 셰프들의 노하우와
엄선된 식재료로 만나 보실 수 있습니다.'
);

insert into content values('호텔 라온', '부산',
'부산에 위치한 호텔 라온은 에어컨, 무료 Wi-Fi를 완비한 객실을 보유하고 있으며, 익스프레스 체크인/체크아웃 서비스를 제공합니다. 모든 객실은 케이블 채널을 시청할 수 있는 평면 TV와 전용 욕실을 갖추고 있습니다. 투숙객은 24시간 프런크 데스크와 비즈니스 센터도 이용 가능합니다.
객실은 주전자를 갖추고 있습니다.
호텔 라온에서는 미국식 조식을 제공합니다.
호텔에서 해운대 해변이 5km, 달맞이 언덕은 3.9km 거리에 있습니다.
커플들이 선호하는 지역 — 커플 투숙에 평점 8.4점을 획득하였습니다.
부산에서 가장 실속 있는 숙소! 이 도시의 다른 숙소보다 가격 대비 가치가 높아요.'
);

insert into content values('대구 그랜드호텔', '대구',
'여행지에서 시간을 효과적으로 사용하기 위해서는 빠르고 정확하게 도움을 주는 정보가 빠지지 않습니다. 여기에서는 공항에서 호텔까지의 교통수단이나 지도 그리고 최신 기상정보를 안내하고 있습니다.
대구에서는 국제선과 국내선은 대구 공항을 이용하고 있습니다. 대구 공항은 호텔로부터 약 20분 정도의 거리에 있다. 대구 공항부터는 버스와 택시로 편리하게 이동할 수 있습니다.
리셉션에서 당신을 위해 맞춤형 리무진서비스를 제공합니다.
지하철 각 역에서는 영문 운임표가 준비되어있습니다. 많은 한국어 사인물에는 영어로 번역이 되어있으나, 종종 주소로 목적지를 찾는데에 어려움이 있으시면 저희 리셉션 데스크에서 친절히 안내해 드릴 것 입니다.
대구여행의 알찬정보를 쉽고 빠르게 알려드립니다. 정감 넘치는 대구여행은 여러분들에게 소중한 추억이 될 것입니다.
대구는 뚜렷한 4계절이 있습니다.
따뜻한 봄과 시원한 가을 무더운 여름이과 추운 겨울 등 각 계절마다 뚜렷한 색을 지닌 대구의 기후를 느껴보실 수 있습니다.'
);

insert into content values('The Adria Hotel', '런던',
'Welcome to Adria Hotel and Conference Center
The Perfect New York Hotel for Business Travelers and Vacationers
Prime Hotel Location
Adria Hotel and Conference Center in Bayside, Queens is near everywhere you need to be. Adria’s central location provides fast and easy access to New York’s five boroughs. In fact, Adria is less than 20 minutes from New York City. Additionally, the hotel is near Brooklyn and Bronx.  In addition, Adria is right next door to Long Island’s Gold Coast.
You are in the center of it all… Sports, Entertainment, Shops, Convention Halls
Adria provides easy access to Citi-Field, the home of the New York Mets and Yankees Stadium. the home of New York Yankees. Also, you are near many attractions like; the Bronx Zoo, Metropolitan Museum of Art, US Open Tennis at Arthur Ash Stadium, Nassau Coliseum, Madison Square Garden, and much more.
All roads lead to Adria… By Car, By Train, By Bus
We are  just one block from Cross Island Parkway and minutes from Grand Central Parkway and the Long Island Express Way. In addition, you are within walking distance to the LIRR and several city bus lines. Plus, the Express Bus into Manhattan is steps from our door. The LaGuardia Airport and JFK International Airport are just 15-20 minutes of Adria.  Our location is convenient to many area’s hospitals and colleges as well as shops, bars, restaurants and local attractions.
Deluxe Accommodations, Outstanding Service and Great Value
You can relax in our comfortable and quiet rooms. We offer many great amenities. You get High speed Wi-Fi, refrigerator, Hi Definition TV,  and more. All our guests receive complimentary breakfast buffet and on premises parking. Also, you can enjoy free hot coffee, hot chocolate and lemon flavored water available in the hotel lobby seven days a week.
At Adria Hotel and Conference Center, You Get Everything You Need.'
);

insert into content values('Radisson Collection Royal Hote', '코펜하겐',
'The Radisson Collection Royal Hotel is a pioneer in numerous regards. It’s the world’s first design hotel and the only hotel by renowned designer and architect Arne Jacobsen, making it the true home of Danish modernism. Constructed in 1960, the building still dominates the city skyline, and its interior design impresses visitors to this day.
Stay in sleek surroundings in one of Copenhagen’s most vibrant neighborhoods, while enjoying our proximity to popular attractions such as Tivoli Gardens and a number of convenient transport options, including Central Station.'
);

insert into content values('Hotel Berlin Mitte managed by Meliá', '베를린',
'The NH Collection Berlin Mitte am Checkpoint Charlie hotel, formerly known as NH Berlin Mitte Leipziger Strasse, is located on Leipziger Strasse, directly in the city center, so it’s a really handy base. We’re just a few steps from one of the main shopping streets, Friedrichstrasse, and the likes of Galeries Lafayette, Quartier 206, The Q or Mall of Berlin. Some of Berlin’s biggest sights such as Checkpoint Charlie, Potsdamer Platz or the Brandenburg Gate are an easy walk away too.
in the center, steps away from Friedrichstrasse, a major shopping hub
just 50m away from the metro line U6 Stadtmitte, and 100m from U2 Stadtmitte
a 10-minute walk from famous sights like Checkpoint Charlie, Alexanderplatz, Potsdamer Platz, Mauermuseum or Brandenburg Gate
Our 392 rooms come in all shapes and sizes, including connecting rooms, Family rooms and Junior Suites. They are contemporary spaces dressed in designer neutrals and all include free Wi-Fi. 
Ready for a new experience? Book one of our new Mood Rooms™ and create the perfect ambience for each moment of your stay. 
smart, contemporary décor
The connecting rooms, Family rooms and Junior Suites are excellent for families. Children under 12 stay for free when sharing a room with their parents or guardians. 
ultra-quiet rooms available – great for light sleepers
We’re well set up to host events, with a choice of function rooms, all with Wi-Fi. On the 8th floor you’ll find a fully-equipped wellness area. Meanwhile, our restaurant and lounge bar take care of food and drinks and we also have Sky TV, allowing you to catch up on the day’s sporting events.There is private parking, and our concierge service will be happy to help you with renting bikes, booking tickets or anything else you may need.
15 conference rooms, with room for up to 240 guests
wellness center featuring a fitness area, sauna and relaxation room. Massages and beauty treatments are also available.
restaurant specializing in Mediterranean and German specialities
If you are planning on staying with us over the weekend, book directly on nh-hotels.com, sign up to NH Rewards and take advantage of our "Lazy Sundays, which include a late checkout (before 5pm) free of charge.'
);

insert into content values('Radisson Collection Hotel Moscow', '모스크바',
'Discover Moscow from one of its most iconic architectural symbols, nestled along the banks of the Moskva River. Inside the landmark property, grandeur and opulence reign: from beautifully appointed rooms, suites and serviced apartments, to 19 elegant restaurants, innovative sports and wellness facilities, and a panoramic bar on the 31st-floor. Palatial surroundings, an excellent location and exclusive services await. 
Centrally located, the Radisson Collection Hotel, Moscow offers excellent transportation links to the four surrounding airports and top attractions. The hotel also commands a flotilla of ten yachts, offering year-round river cruises for a unique perspective of city landmarks.'
);

insert into content values('Le Place d Armes', '룩셈부르크',
'Ideally located in the old city center, with 28 luxury rooms and suites, the Place d Armes Hotel is a Relais Châteaux member since 2012. This unconventional ensemble of buildings, meticulously refurbished by putting together 7 houses, creates a wonderful hotel mixing the authentic style with the most contemporary structures. The establishment is to be discovered piece by piece, as one wanders through the stairs and curved corridors likewise a magical castle.
The Place d’Armes values are Excellence, Attention, Aesthetic, Kindness and Authenticity.
Sharing these emotions is our primary vocation. Always focused and humble, we are dedicated to our guests, looking for them to consider our establishment as their so called “Luxembourgish Home”, a unique address, the 18th Place d Armes.'
);

insert into content values('Hôtel Hermitage', '모나코',
'This modern and luxurious hotel in the heart of Monaco oozes elegance, calm and understated refinement. With the Michelin-starred restaurant the Vistamar and the amazing spa Thermes Marins Monte-Carlo, this is the ideal hotel for experiencing supreme comfort and serenity in Monaco.
Luxury romance... The Hôtel Hermitage Monte-Carlo has inherited its generous architecture from the belle époque. Let your hearts sing in a place where tranquillity reigns supreme and a decor that says romance: a winter garden infused with gentle light coming through the Eiffel cupola, suites with terrace and jacuzzi.
A Michelin-starred restaurant... Enjoy fine gourmet cuisine at Le Vistamar*. In a chic and intimate setting, alchemist Chef Benoît Witz distils delicate, original flavours in his creations showcasing the finest Mediterranean seafood.
Take in the sweeping view from the terrace: the port, Monaco and the rock are simply magnificent.
A drink at the Crystal Bar... Before or after dinner, enjoy creative cocktails, fine champagnes and a refined atmosphere at the Crystal Bar.'
);

insert into content values('Conrad Washington DC', '워싱턴DC',
'Welcome to Conrad Washington, DC, a contemporary urban oasis in the heart of the District. This luxury hotel offers an elevated perch from which to experience the nation is capital. Indulge in the personalized, elevated service of the exclusive Sakura Club, enjoy fresh flavors of the Chesapeake at Estuary, a signature restaurant by the Voltaggio brothers, or relax in the open air at the rooftop bar.
With inspiring views of downtown across a range of event spaces and every guest room, as well as its location adjacent to premier shops and dining at CityCenterDC, Conrad Washington, DC is an experience unlike any other in the city.
Boasting a soaring atrium, lush outdoor terraces, and captivating art installations, Conrad Washington, DC provides a stylish retreat in one of the world is most influential cities.'
);

insert into content values('ventura', '로스 앤젤레스',
'ventura 호텔은 로스 앤젤레스의 새롭고 현대적인 부티크 호텔로 비즈니스 및 레저 여행객을 위한 격조 있는 시설을 제공 하고있습니다. 코리아 타운의 가장 번화한 곳에 자리 잡고있으며, 지역의 다양한 커뮤니티를 제공하며 자동차와 대중 교통으로 쉽게 접근 할수있습니다.
모던하고 현대적인 디자인, 세련된 도시 분위기, 헌신적인 고객 서비스의 Aventura 호텔은 도시의 문화, 쇼핑, 유흥 과 비지니스의 중심지인 로스 앤젤레스에 자리잡고 있습니다.
유명 쇼핑센터와 다양한 관광 명소등 가까운 곳에 위치하고 있으며, 스테이플스 센터 (Staples Center), 로스 앤젤레스 컨벤션센터와 다저스 경기장 등의 명소는 도보거리에 있습니다. 주변의 다양하고 풍부한 레스토랑 들과 로스 앤젤레스 의 역사와 문화를 경험할 수최상의 자리에 위치하고 있습니다.
aventura-los-angeles
최근 급격하게 발전하고있는 코리아 타운의 호텔들과 숙박시설은 오래되었거나 리모델링으로 다시 디자인 되었으나.
저희 Aventura 호텔은 유일무이하게 올해 신축된 사옥입니다.
저희는 이에 발맞춰 이상적인 위치를 확보하고 빠르고 편리한 서비스를 제공하는 비즈니스 호텔을 개발하기 위해 최선을 다하고있습니다.
Aventura 호텔은 특별히 비즈니스 여행객을 위한 간단하고 매우 기능적인 비즈니스 호텔로 설계되었습니다.
저희 직원 모두는 최상의 서비스 및 이벤트 정보를 고객에게 제공하며 고객의 비즈니스 에 도움이 되고자 노력하고 있습니다.
저희 호텔은 문화와 역사를 가지고 발전하는 코리아타운에 걸맞은 새롭고 격조있는 시설과 고객만족의 서비스로 당신에게 최고의 여행 경험을 선사하고자 최선의 노력을 다 할 것입니다.
저희 Aventura 호텔의 어원은 스페인어어 휘의 Venture 와 Adventure 의 합성어로 벤처와 모험을 지향하는 의미를 가지고 있습니다.'
);

insert into content values('Times Square EDITION', '뉴욕',
'The Times Square EDITION introduces the next generation of modern luxury. Here, urban energy fuels an enchanting escape as sweeping views of the midtown skyline transport you to an oasis above the bustle. Featuring 452 guest rooms, a state-of-the-art fitness center, performance venue, and six unique dining experiences developed by Michelin-starred Chef John Fraser, The Times Square EDITION punctuates the area as the city’s epicenter and crossroads of the world…again.
The Times Square EDITION has partnered with Michelin-starred chef John Fraser to helm all of the food and beverage outlets at the area’s first luxury hotel. The hotel offers four distinct dining experiences split over four floors with indoor and outdoor spaces and multiple dining options under one roof including a fine-dining signature restaurant, a modern all-day New York restaurant, a cabaret and performance space, and Lobby Bar.'
);

insert into content values('100 PARK', '산 호세',
'100 PARK features an ideal combination of location, amenities and upscale finishes within short walking distance to signature shopping, dining and community events.'
);

insert into content values('Grand Hyatt Baha Mar', '나소',
'BAHA MARS GRAND HYATT HOTEL
Grand Hyatt Baha Mar is designed to celebrate the most iconic experiences of a vacation in The Bahamas, perfect for families, friends, or a romantic getaway. A wide array of restaurants and nightlife options, beautifully landscaped pools, and one of the most pristine beaches in The Bahamas await, all elevated by a perfect touch of luxury.
Relax and unwind as you gaze upon stunning ocean and island views. The stylish and modern accommodations of Grand Hyatt Baha Mar are designed to cater to your every need'
);

insert into content values('Jam Hotel', '브뤼셀',
'We found a former art school — in an end of the century building — dusted it off, gave it some love and made it into a hotel.
We called it the JAM because we filled it with everything we wanted to see in one place, and yes, that includes a pool and crazy good pizzas. We got bold with concrete, wood and colors to make you happy and ready to take on the city.
Situated uptown Brussels, we’re a home for influencers, creatives and people who want to get things done – we guarantee you the best wi-fi and coffee for that – and otherwise you can take off the pressure and try your hands on Ms. Pac-Man in our Game Room.
Our bedrooms can be shared according to your needs, from Super to Mega, there is something for everyone. And when you had your perfect Zzz time, we’ll give you insights on what’s to explore. Brussels is becoming quite a creative hub right now. Lucky for you, we ideally sit at the crossroads of many of its cool hip areas.
Oh and did we say the pool is on the top floor with a view? What more should we say. It’s a dream of a place. But hey we’re not keeping it to ourselves. We’re happy to share it with you. Bring your friends, bring your colleagues. And enter the JAM!'
);

insert into content values('Bank hotel', '스톡홀름',
'A landmark building in one of Stockholm is most prestigious locations, just footsteps from the waterfront and the finest shopping, nightlife and culture that Stockholm has to offer. Now lovingly reimagined as a vibrant, welcoming boutique hotel and venue, blending intriguing design, rich history and graceful service to create something extraordinary.
Rooms Suites
With 115 rooms and suites we offer anything from seeking relaxation to pampered indulgence. All rooms blend a soft, natural colour palette with art-deco design flourishes that evoke the building’s blend of history and modernity.'
);

insert into content values('Belle Epoque Boutique Hotel', '베른',
'Das Hotel Belle Epoque ist ein Traditionshaus der unteren Berner Altstadt und das kleinste Vier-Sterne-Hotel der Schweiz. Die 16 Zimmer, die Junior-Suite sowie Restaurant und Bar sind mit Kunstwerken aus der Jugendstil-Epoche ausgestattet und verströmen ein Flair vergangener Tage. Die Klientel des Belle Epoque setzt sich aus Businessgästen, Individualtouristen und Kunstliebhabern zusammen.
Im Restaurant und an der Bar treffen sich unter anderem Persönlichkeiten aus Wirtschaft und Politik.'
);

insert into content values('Shinagawa Prince Hotel', '도쿄',
'Shinagawa is the south entrance to Tokyo. The Shinagawa Prince Hotel, which is in front of Shinagawa Station, has good access to Narita Airport, Haneda Airport, Tokyo Big Site, and the Tokyo Forum, as well as movie theaters, bowling, The Aqua Park Shinagawa, tennis, golf, swimming pools and other entertainment facilities. From business to sightseeing, this is an entertainment hotel that guests can enjoy in many ways.'
);

insert into content values('Suzakukan', '교토',
'The Fascination of SUZAKU CROSSING
There are a lot of histories and tastefulness, so you can experience comfortable stay.
You can enjoy Kyoto with five senses. It’s the fascination of SUZAKU CROSSING.
History of a thousand years meets the Current of Kyoto here.
Location
SUZAKU CROSSING is located at the place where has been *1“Daidairi” in *2Heiankyo. The historical shrine and temple, local shop loved by Kyoto people are existed near the place. You will enjoy real Kyoto as an inhabitant of Kyoto at there.
*1 “Daidairi” is imperial palace aria in Japan.
*2 Heiankyo is the capital city in Japan of more than 1,000 years from 794 to 1869.
We provide you information as cards which have sightseeing, food and spot of shopping recommended by staff in SUZAKU CROSSING. They have rare places not on the guide book. You choice cards and plan your best trip.'
);

insert into content values('Konjaku-So Dotonbori Garden SPA Stay', '오사카',
'Our mission is to create new value to provide “High class private vacation room”, 
which is neither hotel nor Ryokan, 
for guests who hope to enjoy private trip fully.
Design Concept:『温故知新』 Visiting old, Learning new
Konjaku-So Penthouse Stay is a renovated building, which was constructed over 20 years ago.
While Japanese old tastes remain, the latest facilities are also equipped in the room. We hope you spend comfortable time and feel the Japanese modern atmosphere.
Service Concept:【酒の宿　Sake no Yado】
Dotonbori has been a festive downtown as the representative of “Kuidaore (you eat till you drop)” for more than 400 years. Konjaku-So does not serve any food in order to let guests fully enjoy local restaurants in Dotonbori.On the other hand, we would like guests to stay with their family or friends in our room and to enjoy drinking Japanese Sake. Therefore, we prepare as follows: Japanese Sake as welcome drink and free beer soft drinks in refrigerator.Please enjoy your time with family or friends with Japanese Sake after having dinner in Dotonbori.'
);

insert into content values('L hotel Nina et Convention Centre', '홍콩',
'GREAT VALUE FOR MONEY
AMUSEMENT
Full gear fitness centre and an infinity outdoor swimming pool of 50m long for maximum enjoyment
A first class fitness center with inspiring views
Fitness Center
Chill out at the breathtaking infinity swimming pool or dive into the fish tank-like indoor pool
Swimming pool
REMEMBRANCE
Your perfect setting for both casual dining or hosting any significant event in our Grand Ballroom
Enjoy delicious meals in beautiful surroundings
Dining
Large hotel ballroom with facilities to cater for events of all sizes
Events
DEVOTION
Experience a memorable stay pampered with conscientious hospitality
Talented chefs creating a flavorsome global cuisine
Dining
Hospitality of the highest standard possessing a great attention to detail
Housekeeping
PROXIMITY
The perfect combination of a convenient location and stunning views
Strategically located in one of Hong Kong’s main transportation hubs, only 25 minutes away from most major points
Well Situated
IMMERSION
Fantastic facilities for a great experience
Incredibly spacious rooms with amazing waterfront views
Rooms
A splendid welcome for a delightful stay
Lobby'
);